The Joe Rogan experience. You know, my favorite,
I don't wanna call it a conspiracy theory, but my,
one of my favorite stories is humanity emerged on Venus and that
we destroyed the planet with a greenhouse effect.
So we created the arc project and took the DNA of two of every animal and loaded
up on us on the last vessel, the arc, and went to Terraform earth.
And then that's.
The dumbest idea ever. It's hilarious. DNA of two of each animal.
And then how many copies of those things do you make before they eat each.
Other? They got, they got, they got anti-graft tech. They, they, they,
they just started seeding the planet and the what, what,
what people do I've again, I'm not saying it's, I think it's a fun story.
They argue that the Bible was like the stories being told and
retranslated over hundreds of years to a loss civilization that had only one
ship escape, the destruction of their planet. And I'm not saying it's true.
I'm saying it's a fun story. I love that story.
Yeah, that's fun. Yeah. It would be a fun Saifai.
Movie. And then you end up with lost tech being discovered, thousands of years.
Say we have to get off of earth. You know,
there's so many people that say we have to escape earth. We have to,
we have to sort of colonize the solar system or colonize the gap. I.
Agree.
And I think if we don't discover a better propulsion than hard chemical energy,
we're not going to do it.
So, yeah. Well, that's why this is so compelling.
This idea that they're using some element that apparently is impossible to
find here. You can only create it with a particle Collider,
but maybe in whatever solar system they are coming from,
you have a very different environment and maybe this element was the primary
source for fuel. Maybe they figured that out a long time ago. Okay. I wonder.
If, uh, I'd, I'd love to talk to an actual physicist about this.
Is there something with negative density? What's that mean? So like, you know,
things with density create an attraction through gravity because they, they,
the, the pressure that like their, their influence on space time,
I'm not an astrophysicist. So I can't explain it to you perfectly, but you know,
the, the larger, the more dense the object, the more pull it has, you know,
so like a very dense black hole for instance sucks you in then, you know,
Mars has slightly as gravity of the NASCA, it's less dense.
I wonder if there's something again, this probably, you know,
I'm sure that some scientists laughing right now what a moron,
but negative density,
something that would actually have a re push effect in terms of gravity,
in which case you could have some kind of object with where you can control,
expand, and contract density so that you're pushing and pulling. I.
Dunno, Bob, but Bob Lazard's perspective is if we showed a
nuclear reactor to a civilization from the 14 hundreds,
they would think we're doing witchcraft. The covenant. Yeah.
They would think it is absolutely the craziest thing that anyone has ever seen
or heard. They would try to tamper with it.
They'd all get radiation poisoning and die.
They'd never be able to figure it out in a million years.
If you just left it with them.
If you left some sort of a nuclear reactor with them, and he said,
this is really how far advanced,
he believes these,
these aliens or whatever you want to call them are that they're their
science technology is indistinguishable from magic because they're so far ahead
of us.
Do you think they'd want to be involved with us beyond just testing?
Why wouldn't you? We studied butterflies. We studied mice, we studied,
we studied bugs. And the other side of the planet,
we send people unscientific journeys to go and look at frogs,
or they're not even sure are real anymore.
Are we giving guns to gyms? Are we,
are we building forts for them and teaching them to use stone? And I mean,
we we've seen now, uh,
there's more videos coming out showing I can't remember what you primate
species, but using more tools.
On that stuff, they believe that primates chimps have entered the stone age.
Yeah. They're using them on a regular basis.
Are we going to go and teach them agriculture? I mean, do we do dude? We,
we teach chimps.
Things all the time, but teach chimps has. Yeah. But environments,
because that's the only way you can study them. Yeah. We teach. I mean, if we,
they had a civilization you can go to,
he knew they lived in an apartment and you could study them that way,
but you don't think that they would study if they've found a planet.
Like let's imagine if we found a planet, okay.
We found a planet and it's all just filled with octopus.
And these octopus are changing colors and just Jack and fish and eating
lobsters, we would be totally, totally be fascinated. Absolutely. Well,
all innovation happens because people are trying to improve on initial
designs. Now, why do they try to prove improve on initial designs?
They try to make things that are better, make things that are more efficient,
make things that it can do, tasks that they can't do without these tools.
And then they,
their curiosity and their creativity causes them to expand upon these ideas.
Well, of course, if something's going to be so far advanced,
they didn't accept their current place in the universe.
They don't even accept the fact they want to stay on this planet.
They want to travel to other places. Do you know, insanely curious,
you'd have to be to lock you and three of your other three-foot buddies in a
giant flying saucer and propel yourself through space.
Oh yeah. You would have to be incredibly curious and incredibly
not just curious but innovative. They would have to be thinking about things.
They would have to be exploring things.
And of course you would want to come to a planet that is filled with people
who have hundreds of different languages. They're all full of.
They lie to each other, constantly send videos through the air.
They have weapons that they could blow each other up with. Yeah. I mean,
of course you would be fascinated by that.
I think that's the least compelling argument that anybody ever says,
why would they mess with us? Why would they care about us? Of course,
they would care about us. We are interesting.
Well, I, I I'll put it this way.
I think if we saw like a group of chimps standing near like a water water bed
and then one Chimp fashioned, some kind of bag and pulls it over,
its head jumps in the water and tries to go as low as he can for as long as he
can. But before coming back out, we would look at that,
like that is the stupidest attempt at scuba diving I've ever seen,
but oh my God, a Chimp just tried to scuba dive.
So if there are aliens and they're in these amazing technological advanced ships
that can jump Lightspeed, manipulate gravity,
they just watched us strap ourselves to an explosive and fire us off of our
atmosphere where we're likely to die. And they're like,
this is the stupidest attempt that actually go into space.
He's got to try and go to space. No.
I wouldn't think about that way at all. I would think about, look,
there's a space station. It's up there. And people live on it.
They shoot themselves is that they have a very crude form of propulsion. Right.
But they've figured it out because they don't have element one 15 in their
environment naturally.
So these dummies have to light things on fire and use the push off the back of
it to shove themselves through normal air.
And you know why they're not going to give us that tech right now. Why would.
They give us 10? Why, why did they give us tax? Why they wouldn't?
Why would they give us tech? Why would any,
th th that's the weirdest argument ever that they're giving us things?
I don't think they're giving a. No, I don't.
Think so either.
I think they're specifically not doing it and they wouldn't do it even if we
wanted them to. I think, I think it's, it's an inverse. You, you people,
a lot of,
maybe a lot of people talk about how they're like sharing technology with us or
something. Right. You see that stuff in the, those conspiracies there,
the reason they won't just because we're, we're trusted. We're territorial. We,
we fight each other for sure. So look, if, if,
if they came down and went to Russia and said, here's, anti-graft propulsion,
what do you think Russia is going to do? All right.
Our planet now they're going to immediately expand rapidly. Their,
their population is going to grow exponentially.
And it's going to cause massive turmoil between nuclear powers,
which could destroy themselves.
For sure. Use it as a weapon.
The smartest thing is to not share at all until we're at one world, you know,
society. Well.
Also like look at what they look like, what the aliens look like.
And if you look at the iconic shape of an alien,
they have giant heads and genderless bodies,
like maybe that's the key to stopping war.
There's no incentive whatsoever for people to
be, uh, sexual or attractive. Everybody looks exactly the same.
We get over this idea of biological mating.
They reproduce through genetic engineering.
Why not just be robots or maybe they are like robots.
Maybe that is like a robot, mean artificial bodies where, you know,
have you seen all altered carbon? I haven't,
but I keep hearing good things about it. I just finished season two,
season one was awesome. But basically they have a thing called a stack.
We finished season two, season one is awesome. That means season two sucks.
Season two.
Is a C plus season. One's like an A-plus. Yeah, like it's fun.
But, uh, they have, I think all the stack in the base of their, in their,
in their spinal column, right below their head,
that stores their consciousness and they call their bodies sleeves.
And they kind of don't care when they die, because they just get, you know,
it's, if you're poor, you get really crappy sleeves. Right. But if you're,
if you're rich, you get premium access military upgrade.
Like high-tech very strong, but their body has just become separate.
And you can also transport your consciousness, interstellar,
like to other planets. And then you wake up in a body in a different planet.
That's how you go places now. Oh, your consciousness travels. So yeah.
I mean maybe aliens do that. Maybe there's there's not, you know,
I I'm I'm I find the, the idea of the various alien life, like bodies curious.
One of the, one of the things I've read about is that it's,
it could be humans from the future.
Yeah. I've heard that too. That makes sense.
If you think about what we look like,
as opposed to like what a champ looks like. Yeah.
And then you keep going further with that, like, oh, the head will get bigger.
The bodies will get weaker. Yep. And then look,
there's a sort of a trend in this society today to be less masculine,
less feminine, more gender neutral, and these well,
so they, them pronouns, maybe that's all just part of the programming. This.
Falls into another one of these conspiracy theories that the goal of the
globalists is that in order to get access to alien tech,
we have to be a unified planet aliens. Aren't going to give aliens.
You've heard that one. Oh yeah. It's all over the internet.
The that's why they're.
Doing this. So they're going with a one world order in order to get alien tech.
Do you think the galactic Federation is going to get a lot of planet in which
has got numerous governing bodies and nuclear weapons?
I don't think there's a galactic Federation. I'm just, I'm just kidding. Right?
The point I'm making is there are people in line who believe this.
They believe that if there is some kind of galactic Federation or at least some
kind of recognizable, you know,
different cultures that have some kind of set rule base, right?
Who do they negotiate with us Russia or China. And so the argument, well,
one of the theories is that
interest on the United States who have access to the aliens,
know that they have to do everything in their power to unify the entire planet
under one authority so that we can be entered into whatever alien, you know,
access would exist. But so long as we are nuclear powered, competing terror,
territorial factions, they can't do it.
Well, that makes sense if that was the.
Case, but you add in what you,
what you were saying about masculinity and gender. And one of the things that,
uh, I find interesting is that when it comes to this argument about removing
masculinity, there's, there's kind of a overlap with this idea of domestication.
You think about wolves, pro dogs and dogs,
dogs are effectively Wolf Cubs, perpetually. So wolves are aggressive,
territorial, independent. I mean, independent in the sense that like,
you're not going to tame them. They're like teach wolves. Yeah. Yeah.
Like you're willing to listen to you. I mean, you, you can, but it's like,
it's it's they agree with you or they don't you're you're you're falling,
you know? So an adult masculine, tough human is going to be like,
I'm independent, I'm in charge. They've got to remove that and domesticate us.
So you get a bunch of weak,
feminine genderless humans who are going to be passive docile and agreeable,
right?
Yeah. I do.
I have a whole bit about what wolves are and what dogs are and what
men used to be and what men are now.
Dude, I,
I was thinking of this really cool idea for a scifi film where aliens come to
earth and most humanity accepts domestication. And then 300,
400 years from now, you've got regular looking,
21st century kind of men and women. But then you have these five foot tall,
super armored jet pack with plasma rifles that love and
serve the aliens.
And we view them as freakish genetic defects.
So have you like oblivion with Tom cruise? Yes.
The aliens basically genetically engineered a whole bunch of Tom cruises.
I was thinking of that kind of idea, but also with domestication,
that's an underrated movie, by the way. That's cool. I love it. Yeah.
Very good movie. If it came to earth and most humans agreed.
And then over time that the humans that got access to lifesaving technology,
a special armor were the ones that were agreeable and less likely to be
aggressive.
Yeah. They would out just like the wolves bitched out and became a poodle.
And then you'd have wolves. Well, I did, for a story,
you basically have humans like writing a chicken coop and the aliens are like,
ah, and they call their attack.
Humans who jump out with like armor and crazy feature tack from the aliens.
But they're like these small dog, like versions of humans, you know,
like desperately in love with the aliens, you know? Right.
Just crying and logs and walls aren't like that.
But I wonder if the people would.
Eat those dog-like people the way wolves eat dogs.
Well, for the sake of, uh, of a fiction, no, we wouldn't have them do that,
but what would of be.
Okay. It was, you'd be like this sneaky smaller.
But [inaudible], aren't I weren't
the product of domestication. I mean, they're just a separate Kane, uh,
canine breed, I guess, or species. Right, right.
I'm saying like, they, they, they really never got domesticated. Yeah. That's,
what's interesting. It's like there, I mean,
is there a coyote version of humans?
Yeah. The north Sentinel island. Right. You know,
north Sentinel is the people who have never had contact with other humans.
They've had several bad experiences with other people,
which are the arrows of helicopters and stuff. Well,
that's why they killed that guy. They killed,
they killed the missionary because they were invaded in the 18 hundreds,
by a guy named Maurice Vadal Portman,
who was a pervert slash Explorer who, uh, you know,
would measure and take detailed descriptions of peoples in that.
Wow. I mean, was it for legitimate research purposes? No.
Way. Go. Just find people and run tests on them. Yeah.
But that would be what we'd worried about with aliens too. Right.
If what comments came here, maybe that's why,
that's why people are worried about them touching their. Well,
some of it's only the pervert. Yeah. Somebody.
Posted this tweet, they said something about like,
you need to realize the aliens who would come to earth.
Aren't the cool nerds who want to like talk science.
It's the rich who rat their planet are dipping out the myth.
That's a silly way to live. Well, I mean, it's one possibility. I understand,
but that's us
look at things through like a human centric filter. Exactly.
But if they're genderless things from, uh, from the future,
like what benefit would it be to get richer? You know, these,
they have their giant heads and they could travel the speed of light. Like.
This is, this is what, well, I really don't like,
I think it's Hawking's argument that we shouldn't,
we shouldn't be excited about aliens because whenever a more powerful
civilization approaches a weaker one, they dominate it. And it's like, yeah,
I don't, I don't,
I don't buy that for two seconds in terms of aliens coming to earth.
That makes no sense. What,
so the argument I buy Hawking's argument. Oh,
you don't that if aliens came to earth,
they would enslave us to S to steal our resources.
I don't necessarily think they would enslave us to steal our resources.
But if we were aware of them, they would become space daddy.
Well, what he's, what he's saying is like, you know, when,
when the Europeans came to north America and spread disease and then stole land,
started wiping everybody out. Like when, when,
when a more advanced civilization meets, uh, you know, you know,
I don't think aliens would do that at all. It's like, why not? The way I,
the way I would view the most, uh,
devastating approach would be more like a gigantic vessel coming down
and just slicing a skyscraper in half and stripping out all the copper and
elements while ignoring the people. And when we go to a habitat for animals,
we're not going to like, ha we'll kill all the squirrels.
We're like when we're taking the lumber squirrels be damned.
So we go into habitats where other creatures live, take what we want.
And we don't care about the animals. We know when we farm,
we kill all the mice and our little critters in there. We don't care.
So I don't like the,
I don't think the argument makes sense that a more advanced civilization would
come to earth and be like, ha ha, humans. Now you will serve us.
And it's our land.
Now they would completely ignore us and just start taking stuff and crushing us
and ignoring us. They wouldn't be, but I don't,
I don't think that's the most likely scenario either. I think any,
any race sufficiently advanced enough to travel,
the massive size of the universe would have little need for the primitive
elements on our planet.
And it would actually be substantially easier for them to go to any other empty
rock.
No, it's not true. You have no idea. No, we have no idea what they need. Like,
wow, this might be an incredibly rare place. It's an incredibly rare,
as far as everything we've been able to observe,
they might come here because they found this Goldilocks plant that has liquid
water and incredible biodiversity and more life than any other place on earth or
any other place in the source system.
In the known galaxy, you know, the era's planet theory, right? What is that?
That's, uh, alien,
there's an elliptical orbit for a planet that every 300 years comes in con comes
in close orbit to earth. Cause elliptical around our sun,
the planet and the bureau, the bureau. That's what it is. Yeah. Yeah.
And that they, they used human slave labor for mining gold. Yes.
That's all Zechariah. Cichon Zacharias is.
I've heard the name. I've read the stuff. He wrote.
A book called the 12th planet.
That's a fascinating take on the ancient Sumerian texts.
And he's widely been criticized by other
scholars who understand ancient Sumerian. Yeah.
And there's actually a website called Cichon is wrong. See if you can go to,
it sits in his wrong.com because all the whack jobs like me who
love the idea of, you know, oh, that's why we're so into gold man. Right?
Because the aliens use these suspended gold particles in their atmosphere and is
fair. And to protect their atmosphere from the interior ration, by their,
you know,
in industrial use of chemicals and toxins has destroyed their environment.
So such Ascension is wrong. Dot com is an interesting website.
And I don't know who's right or who's wrong.
And I think if you want to go over the Annunaki and the ancient,
what what's really interesting and not just about Cichon,
but about Sumir in general is one thing is
they had these tablets,
these clay tablets that had a depiction of the galaxy or the depiction of the
solar system. Now you're talking about 6,000 BC.
They have this depiction of the solar system that shows the sun in the center.
And it shows all of the planets in our known galaxy or a known solar system
with a proper perspective in terms of the size of the planet and the proper
distance. Like they're in the right places.
It's not like there's a big one really close to the sun.
And there's a little one, three planets out, like,
see if you can find that it's a weird image. See, that's the image. Yeah,
right there.
The take that Zacharias Hitchin had was that they were
trying to tell us that they have come from this other planet.
And they were trying to explain to us what our solar system is,
but just the fact that they have this sun in the center,
and then they have all the planets that we know of circling this sun.
And this has been criticized like, oh no, they didn't do it. Right.
And they didn't do it. First of all, they did it in clay. Okay. So relax there.
So it's so clothes that you would have to say, man,
that might be what that is. And if that is what that is,
what are they trying to say with this thing? Because there's also an image, uh,
from a clay tablet of a very large being that has a very
small human, like being with a monkey tail on its lap.
And this is what Cichon points to as some sort of a depiction of the
genetic engineering that took place to turn primitive primates
into human beings.
This is the reason why we are so different from every other animal on this
planet. And the real thing that when,
when people talk about aliens and alien, Cali, what would aliens be doing here?
Why would they do,
what if human beings are the product of accelerated evolution?
Like what if they came down here,
they found this incredibly rich planet that's filled with biodiversity and all
these different life forms. And then they found these primates and like, oh,
we know where these are going. Like,
this is us 10 billion years ago or whatever the it is.
Let's accelerate this little party.
Let's inject some of our super advanced DNA into these primates and
let's see, let's see where it takes itself. So what do you think you think?
Yeah, that's a fun story. That's, that's the story that, um,
they told bomb Bazaar, but Bibles are said,
I don't know if they told me that to throw us off the trail,
if it's disinformation or if it's just some wacky thing that they came up with
to just to like have a crazy story that the scientists couldn't tell
anybody. So if you do tell people, like, what are you working on?
I'm working on reverse engineering or propulsion system from an aircraft that
came from another planet. And by the way,
we are a product product of accelerated evolution.
They came to us and they inject in our DNA. And.
You know, we'll think about, uh,
that story in the context of ancient religions and a lot of the commonalities,
notably like Abrahamic, this idea that we were created,
that we were told we shouldn't shouldn't do certain things.
So I think those are all fun stories, but yeah,
you could look at the idea of someone being the son of God,
you know, a hybrid, right? Yeah.
You could look at the stories of regular old Genesis taking the rib of, of, uh,
Adam's creative. Well, yeah, the, the genetic matter. Sure.
And then manipulating it. So, you know, I get it,
I get a lot of heat from my more religious friends for,
for pointing that out that I believe the Bible is more likely than an odd space
to be about aliens and about the actual creator of the universe.
And I'm talking to astronomical odds like ridiculously astronomical,
but I think we actually know some things exist. Genetic manipulation,
cargo cults. We know how primitive life form reacts to more advanced technology.
They don't understand. And that would, would make more sense to me than,
you know, believing in a hard religion about the creator and, you know,
carpenters and things like that.
Yeah. Well, it's also, we're dealing with translations, right.
That have gone on for thousands and thousands of years that are a story that was
told as an oral tradition for a thousand years before that it's like, boy, the,
the saying hard and fast exactly what they meant in the Bible and
what this means and what must have happened for them to write that down to me,
it's just bonkers. I mean, who, who knows,
but what we do know is that the older, the stories get the weirder,
they get, like,
that's one of the weird things about the ancient Sumerian taxes that you're
dealing now you're in like the 6,000 years ago range,
which is really weird. Like that's a long time. Well, I.